haha say goodbye to your old uses
Teochew store laps used to having press
yeah right on you rocked o thet not
nearly enough damage to knock out a
snorlax with not only fair we have all
these fancy bogeyman cards enough
talking store laxative toss and turn
wait how much HP is that right on have a
90 ok hold on um Snorlax is asleep this
is type does 20 damage plus 30 more
damage so that's yeah that's enough to
send your right on Six Feet Under
you're right
oddly hit my chin and your special punch
the next relax to the radio there is no
graveyard you're thinking of you you
anyway that was a lucky draw pretty sure
that cards from the stone I'm not sure
cable and play poker yeah they did but
you just lost I play in her name level
mags in your fire spin that's 100 damage
edge no that's not even a real thing
it's obviously real no way only
charizard can do that much damage maybe
during the Renaissance but this is my
favorite Pokemon well it's not even a
real one it is too it's from diamond
pearl what are you talking about is that
some new game or something no it was
like the first game for the DS what's
that very funny and I bet you still play
pokemon on a gameboy yeah have the
newest game too that's not the newest
game black and white are the newest
games what is it in color of course in
color then why would they call it that
they wanted to see if America really was
racist turns out we are well I bet the
next thing you're going to say is that
lugia isn't the best Pokemon anymore now
he is thank God in soulsilver other than
that he sucks take you back woman take
it easy we speak Pokemon do you can
choose from Professor Oak at the
beginning of the game Professor Oak
isn't alive anymore
what's my name put the gun down tell me
what my name is you don't want to do
this but my Ash Ketchum from Pallet Town
know you can choose to be a boy or a
girl from conoco town and the unova
pichu pichu and choose you well
you